# PBL

## Risks

did not recommend electronic cigarettes as there are questions regarding the safety, efficacy, and quality of these products.
has stated, "Public health experts have expressed concern that electronic cigarettes may increase nicotine addiction and tobacco use in young people."


### Brain Risks

The part of the brain that's responsible for decision making and impulse control is not yet fully developed during adolescence. Young people are more likely to take risks with their health and safety, including use of nicotine and other drugs. Youth and young adults are also uniquely at risk for long-term, long-lasting effects of exposing their developing brains to nicotine. These risks include nicotine addiction, mood disorders, and permanent lowering of impulse control. Nicotine also changes the way synapses are formed, which can harm the parts of the brain that control attention and learning.


### Addiction

How does the nicotine in electronic cigarettes affect the brain? Until about age 25, the brain is still growing. Each time a new memory is created or a new skill is learned, stronger connections – or synapses – are built between brain cells. Young people's brains build synapses faster than adult brains. Because addiction is a form of learning, adolescents can get addicted more easily than adults. The nicotine in electronic cigarettes and other tobacco products can also prime the adolescent brain for addiction to other drugs such as cocaine.


### Behavior Risks

electronic cigarettes use among youth and young adults is strongly linked to the use of other tobacco products, such as regular cigarettes, cigars, hookah, and smokeless tobacco.
Some evidence suggests that electronic cigarettes use is linked to alcohol use and other substance use, such as marijuana. And certain electronic cigarettes products can be used to deliver other drugs like marijuana.


### Use of Two or More Tobacco Products

Some people have suggested that use of electronic cigarettes by young people might "protect" them from using cigarettes. There is no evidence to support this claim. Some studies show that non-smoking youth who use electronic cigarettes are more likely to try conventional cigarettes in the future than non-smoking youth who do not use electronic cigarettes. And among high school students and young adults who use tobacco, more use both electronic cigarettes and burned tobacco products than use electronic cigarettes alone. Burned tobacco products like cigarettes are responsible for the overwhelming majority of tobacco-related deaths and disease in the United States.


### Aerosol and Other Risks

The aerosol from electronic cigarettes is not harmless. It can contain harmful and potentially harmful chemicals, including nicotine; ultrafine particles that can be inhaled deep into the lungs; flavoring such diacetyl, a chemical linked to a serious lung disease; volatile organic compounds such as benzene, which is found in car exhaust; and heavy metals, such as nickel, tin, and lead. Scientists are still working to understand more fully the health effects and harmful doses of electronic cigarettes contents when they are heated and turned into an aerosol, both for active users who inhale from a device and for those who are exposed to the aerosol secondhand. Another risk to consider involves defective electronic cigarettes batteries that have been known to cause fires and explosions, some of which have resulted in serious injuries. Most of the explosions happened when the electronic cigarettes batteries were being charged.

## Action

It is important to prevent harm to youth and young adults from electronic cigarettes. We know enough to take action now to protect the health of our nation's young people. Everyone has a role, including parents, health care providers, teachers, and others who work with and care about young people.




## 演讲稿正文
You may have learned a little about electronic cigarettes, now let me show you about the harm of electronic cigarettes.

From the data we collected, most people do not know the harm of electronic cigarettes or think that electronic cigarettes are harmless. Actually, electronic cigarettes use poses a significant – and avoidable – health risk to young people. Besides increasing the possibility of addiction and long-term harm to brain development, electronic cigarettes use is associated with the use of other tobacco products that can do even more damage to the body. Even breathing electronic cigarettes aerosol that someone else has exhaled poses potential health risks.

How does the nicotine in electronic cigarettes affect the brain? Until about age 25, the brain is still growing. Each time a new memory is created or a new skill is learned, stronger connections are built between brain cells. Because addiction is a form of learning, adolescents can get addicted more easily than adults. 

Youth and young adults are also uniquely at risk for long-term, long-lasting effects of exposing their developing brains to nicotine. These risks include nicotine addiction, mood disorders, and permanent lowering of impulse control. 

The nicotine in electronic cigarettes and other tobacco products can also prime the adolescent brain for addiction to other drugs such as cocaine. Some people have suggested that use of electronic cigarettes by young people might "protect" them from using cigarettes. There is no evidence to support this claim. Some studies show that non-smoking youth who use electronic cigarettes are more likely to try conventional cigarettes in the future than non-smoking youth who do not use electronic cigarettes.  

Another risk to consider involves defective electronic cigarettes batteries that have been known to cause fires and explosions, some of which have resulted in serious injuries. 

In short, no matter how it's delivered, nicotine is addictive and harmful for youth and young adults. More people should be aware of the harm of electronic cigarettes, and electronic cigarettes should be banned in public places.



## PPT

increasing the possibility of addiction
long-term harm to brain development
associated with the use of other tobacco products
breathing electronic cigarettes aerosol poses risks





